[Bugfix] New variables to configure account type value filters (#98)
fivetran/dbt_quickbooks: CHANGELOG.md

# dbt_quickbooks v0.11.1 
[PR #98](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/pull/98) includes the following updates:

> ## 🐛 Bug Fixes 🩹

Author: Updated!

| **Updated model** | **New variables to filter on** |
| ----------| -------------------- |
| [int_quickbooks__bill_payment_double_entry](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/#!/model/model.quickbooks.int_quickbooks__bill_payment_double_entry) | `quickbooks__accounts_payable_reference` |
| [int_quickbooks__credit_memo_double_entry](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/#!/model/model.quickbooks.int_quickbooks__credit_memo_double_entry) | `quickbooks__accounts_receivable_reference` |
| [int_quickbooks__deposit_double_entry](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/#!/model/model.quickbooks.int_quickbooks__deposit_double_entry) | `quickbooks__undeposited_funds_reference` |
| [int_quickbooks__invoice_double_entry](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/#!/model/model.quickbooks.int_quickbooks__invoice_double_entry) | `quickbooks__sales_of_product_income_reference`, `quickbooks__accounts_receivable_reference` |
| [int_quickbooks__payment_double_entry](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/#!/model/model.quickbooks.int_quickbooks__payment_double_entry) | `quickbooks__accounts_receivable_reference` |

> - Updated README with additional steps for configuration. This is an optional step since most customers will rely on the default account type/subtype values available. 

Author: Done!

# dbt_quickbooks v0.11.1 
[PR #98](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_quickbooks/pull/98) includes the following updates:

> ## 🎉 Feature Update 🎉
> - Updated intermediate double entry models that have `account_type` and `account_sub_type` filters with configurable variables, since the type names used in the filter can be adjusted internally by QuickBooks customers. The intermediate models where these variables were introduced included: 
> 
> ## 🐛 Bug Fixes 🩹
> | **Updated model** | **New variables to filter on** |
> | ----------| -------------------- |
> | [int_quickbooks__bill_payment_double_entry](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/#!/model/model.quickbooks.int_quickbooks__bill_payment_double_entry) | `quickbooks__accounts_payable_reference` |
> | [int_quickbooks__credit_memo_double_entry](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/#!/model/model.quickbooks.int_quickbooks__credit_memo_double_entry) | `quickbooks__accounts_receivable_reference` |
> | [int_quickbooks__deposit_double_entry](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/#!/model/model.quickbooks.int_quickbooks__deposit_double_entry) | `quickbooks__undeposited_funds_reference` |
> | [int_quickbooks__invoice_double_entry](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/#!/model/model.quickbooks.int_quickbooks__invoice_double_entry) | `quickbooks__sales_of_product_income_reference`, `quickbooks__accounts_receivable_reference` |
> | [int_quickbooks__payment_double_entry](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/#!/model/model.quickbooks.int_quickbooks__payment_double_entry) | `quickbooks__accounts_receivable_reference` |

Reviewer: I would actually consider the new variables as the feature and then what how they may be configured as the bugfix. See my suggestion below.

```suggestion
## 🐛 Bug Fixes 🩹 
- Updated intermediate double entry models that have `account_type` and `account_sub_type` filters with configurable variables, since the type names used in the filter may be different than the defaults for QuickBooks customers.

## 🎉 Feature Updates 🎉
- The variables to define the `account_type` and `account_sub_type` references were introduced in the following intermediate models: 
| **Updated model** | **New variables to filter on** |
| ----------| -------------------- |
| [int_quickbooks__bill_payment_double_entry](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/#!/model/model.quickbooks.int_quickbooks__bill_payment_double_entry) | `quickbooks__accounts_payable_reference` |
| [int_quickbooks__credit_memo_double_entry](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/#!/model/model.quickbooks.int_quickbooks__credit_memo_double_entry) | `quickbooks__accounts_receivable_reference` |
| [int_quickbooks__deposit_double_entry](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/#!/model/model.quickbooks.int_quickbooks__deposit_double_entry) | `quickbooks__undeposited_funds_reference` |
| [int_quickbooks__invoice_double_entry](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/#!/model/model.quickbooks.int_quickbooks__invoice_double_entry) | `quickbooks__sales_of_product_income_reference`, `quickbooks__accounts_receivable_reference` |
| [int_quickbooks__payment_double_entry](https://fivetran.github.io/dbt_quickbooks/#!/model/model.quickbooks.int_quickbooks__payment_double_entry) | `quickbooks__accounts_receivable_reference` |
```
